docs: add note on installing `server-only` in data security guide (#92445)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/data-security.mdx

To prevent server-only code from being executed on the client, you can mark a module with the [`server-only`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/server-only) package:

```ts filename="lib/data.ts"
import 'server-only'

//...
```

This ensures that proprietary code or internal business logic stays on the server by causing a build error if the module is imported in the client environment.

> In Next.js, installing `server-only` is optional. However, if your linting rules flag extraneous dependencies, you may install them to avoid issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js handles `server-only` imports internally. The contents of these packages from NPM are not used. However, if your linting rules flag extraneous dependencies, you may install them to avoid issues.
```

This ensures that proprietary code or internal business logic stays on the server by causing a build error if the module is imported in the client environment.

> > **Good to know:**

Reviewer: I think we need to rethink the approach here. 

The bottom line is that, you don't need to install. So, we should flip this around

Move the `server-only` snippet to the top of the section, then follows `This ensures...`

And then we say, 

```md
In Next.js, installing `server-only` is optional. However, if your linting rules flag extraneous dependencies, you may install them to avoid issues.
```

And follow with the install instructions. Then we can end with:

```md
Read more about `server-only` in the [preventing environment poisoning](/docs/app/getting-started/server-and-client-components#preventing-environment-poisoning) section.
```

Something like that ~
